1. NPM - its a package manager but not an abbreviation for "node package manager".

2. "npm init" - way to include npm in any project.

3. this will createpackage.json file

4. package.json is a configuration for npm.

5. When it comes to modern web development, bundlers are an essential part of the toolchain.
 They help developers manage complex projects by combining various dependencies into a single,
  optimized file that can be easily deployed.

  There are varoius bundlers like parcel, webpack, rollup, vite etc.
  For our example we are using Parcel - as it is easy to configure.

6."npm install -D parcel" -  most imp dependency/package is bundler which we need for our project.

7. -D flag stand for -> Two types of dependencies in project - Dev dependencies(required for 
development) vs normal dependencies(used in prod also).

8. ~(minor version) vs ^(major version) in dependencies.

9. package-lock.json keeps a record of exact version of dependencies being installed in system.

10. meaning of "integrity" in package-lock.json - At the time of the installation, the entire 
dependency tree is calculated and saved to the lock file, along with metadata about each dependency
 such as: The version of the package that should be installed. An integrity hash used to provide 
 assurance that the package hasn't been tampered with.

11.Transitive dependencies - a dependency having dependency on another dependency.

12.Any file which is regeneratable should not be put on github. 

13.npm vs npx ~ installing vs execution

14.npx parcel index.html - this command builds the entire application and hosts it by default 
on http://localhost:1234

15.npm install react & npm install react-dom - installs react (at the end of the day they are just node modules)

16.Now after installing reacth throug npm packages we can now remove the cdn links from HTML page.

17. import React and ReactDOM from "react" and "react-dom/client" respectively - use this in js file 
and we can start working with react.

18. <script type="module" src="./App.js"></script> - we need to tell browser that this js file is of  type module
otherwise it will treat js file as normal js file and not recognise keywords like 'import'.
For more info - https://parceljs.org/languages/javascript/

19.parcel also avails the feature of HMR - hot module replacement
change is automatically loaded as soon as we save the file.

20. File watching algorithm ?

21.
